
                                                103. Destructuring Arrays 
                                                      /UNPACKING/ Arrays

                                                  arrayDestructuring.js

                                              Destructuring is an ES6 feature.                                                

                              Way on unpacking values from an array or an object into seperate variables.

                    Destructuring is to break complex data structure down into a smaller data structure like a variable.

            For arrays, we use destructuring to retrieve elements from the array and store them into variables in a very easy way.


                                                104. Destructuring Objects

                                                  destructuringObject.js

                                         Useful when dealing with API call's result.
                                            

                                              105. The Spread Operator (...)

                                                    spreadOperator.js

                                        Used to expand an array into all its elements.
                                           Unpacking all the array's element at one.

                                        ... takes all the elements from an array,
                                        and it also does NOT create new variables, so
                                    We can only used it in places where we would otherwise,
                                            write values seperated by commas.

                                        Spread Operator works on all so-called iterables.

What is an iterable?
There are different kinds of iterables in JS, we will talk about all of them.
For now, iterables are things like arrays, strings, maps, sets, but NOT objects.
Most of the built-in data structures, but except objects.
                                    
A JavaScript iterable is an object that has a Symbol. iterator. 
The Symbol.
iterator is a function that returns a next() function.
An iterable can be iterated over with the code: for (const x of iterable) { }

// Multiple values seperated by a comma, are usually only expected,
// when we pass arguments into a function or when we build a new array.
// that's what spread operator do (unpacking values).



                                106. Rest Pattern and Parameters    

                    Rest pattern is used where we would write variables names, sep. by comma.
                    Spread pattern is used where we would write values, sep. by comma.



                                107. Short Circuiting (&& and ||)

                                        AND & OR OPERATOR 

                                        shortCircuiting.js

                                        